---
tags: 
title: 2024-07-13 Prayer Service
auto_date_created: Saturday, July 13th 2024, 9:10:12 pm
auto_date_modified: Saturday, July 13th 2024, 9:37:52 pm
---
## Topic Confession

1. Confession of Sins
	1. When I hear the term "confession" the first thing that pops into my head is confession of sins, like in the Catholic tradition. And to be transparent that makes me uncomfortable because confessing sins in uncomfortable for me. I feel like when I confess my sins I reveal my unworthiness and I show that I don't belong or have value. But what we see in scripture is a call to confess our sins not so that we show that we are worthless, but we are called to confess our sins so that we point to the value of Christ.  We see this type of confession in  **[Matthew 3:6](https://www.esv.org/Matthew+3:6/)** - "and they were baptized by him in the river Jordan, confessing their sins." People coming to Christ confessing their sins to point to the work that is being done by Christ illustrated by the baptism. We see it in **[1 John 1:9](https://www.esv.org/1+John+1:9/)** - "If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us our sins and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness." The confession of sins is not the end, it the beginning that points us to Christ. So as we confess our sins in prayer this morning be reminded that it is not to confess your worthlessness but to confess what Christ has done for you. And that will lead to our next section of confession. 
	2. **Lead time of confessional Prayer**
2. Confession of Belief
	1. The next thing I want to lead us towards is a confession of our belief, albeit imperfect, in Christ. This is inspired by Mark 9 where the father requesting the healing of his son from Jesus. Here the father request Jesus' help and confesses out loud that he believes, but the belief is not perfect. It also contains unbelief. He willing confesses both out loud and asks for grace. I don't know about you but right now I'm tired, I'm work out by a lot of things in life, and while I believe I feel the unbelief throughout my belief. In this time let's prayer together to confess our belief, and ask for help from God for our unbelief.
> **Mark 9:17–27**
> [17] And someone from the crowd answered him, “Teacher, I brought my son to you, for he has a spirit that makes him mute. [18] And whenever it seizes him, it throws him down, and he foams and grinds his teeth and becomes rigid. So I asked your disciples to cast it out, and they were not able.” [19] And he answered them, “O faithless generation, how long am I to be with you? How long am I to bear with you? Bring him to me.” [20] And they brought the boy to him. And when the spirit saw him, immediately it convulsed the boy, and he fell on the ground and rolled about, foaming at the mouth. [21] And Jesus asked his father, “How long has this been happening to him?” And he said, “From childhood. [22] And it has often cast him into fire and into water, to destroy him. But if you can do anything, have compassion on us and help us.” [23] And Jesus said to him, “‘If you can’! All things are possible for one who believes.” [24] Immediately the father of the child cried out and said, “I believe; help my unbelief!” [25] And when Jesus saw that a crowd came running together, he rebuked the unclean spirit, saying to it, “You mute and deaf spirit, I command you, come out of him and never enter him again.” [26] And after crying out and convulsing him terribly, it came out, and the boy was like a corpse, so that most of them said, “He is dead.” [27] But Jesus took him by the hand and lifted him up, and he arose. (ESV)

3. Confession of Grace
	1. For this final time of prayer, I want to lead us to confess the Truth of the grace that we are given through Christ. Think of this as a way of preaching the gospel to yourself. Just like when we sing worship songs that are true but our our mindset while we sing them feels like we're not being truthful, because where we're at doesn't match the words coming out of our mouth. Church take this chance to pray outloud together and confess the truth of the gospel. When you feel at a loss of what to say may we be encouraged by the prayers of our neighbours. So let's take some time to pray out loud about the truth of the grace we are given through Christ on the cross. 
	2. Korean style prayer. 